Do not touch me
How dare you yell at me?
I haven't asked you for guilt yet
I'm just a woman you call and leave
What qualifications do you have to bear the guilt of your heart?
You and Wang Hongchang have known each other before
What's his purpose in putting you by my side?
Wang Hongchang
You mean the old toad now, right?
I told you why I keep asking about your personal life
Looks like you know each other
What is your relationship?
Do not touch me
I haven't forgiven you for leaving me out the door
Smell of alcohol
I keep you awake
Go away
Don't you want to break up with me?
dissolve relationship
Dissolve the relationship and let the housekeeper throw me out
You let me go
Before I change my mind
You'd better be obedient
What are you doing don't touch me